Add HashSet of flags to ParsedQPoperty for optional getters and setters (#994)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/bridge/extern_rustqt.md

These setters and getters assure that the changed signal is emitted every time the property is edited.

> It is also possible to specify custom getters, setters and on-changed functions, using flags passed like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to specify custom getters, setters and notify signals, using flags passed like so:
```

It's not really custom on_ functions, but a custom signal that you can specify.

Author: Done

`#[qproperty(TYPE, NAME, read = myGetter, write = mySetter, notify = myOnChanged)]`

> > Note: currently TypeName lookups are not currently supported, so either the name must be camel case or specified like `#[cxx_name = "my_getter"]`

Reviewer: This is written from the perspective of a developer who knows what the TypeName struct is (so pretty much you, me and Andrew :wink: )
A user who reads this documentation won't know what this means.

Author: Done

> It is also possible to use any combination of custom functions or omitting entirely, but if flags are specified, read must be one of them as all properties need to be able to be read.

Reviewer: Please also describe what exactly `read` vs `read=my_getter` does.
I.e. if you use `read`, it will auto-generate an appropriate getter with the name of the property and assumes that a member of the same name existst in the Rust struct.
Whereas with `read=my_getter` nothing will be autogenerated and we expect a function with this exact name and a compatible signature to be

1. Implemented on the qobject::T
2. Exported to C++ within the bridge.

Author: Done

These setters and getters assure that the changed signal is emitted every time the property is edited.

It is also possible to specify custom getters, setters and notify signals, using flags passed like so:
`#[qproperty(TYPE, NAME, read = myGetter, write = mySetter, notify = myOnChanged)]`

> Note: currently the rust name must be in camel case or specified like `#[cxx_name = "my_getter"]` if not

It is also possible to use any combination of custom functions or omit them entirely, but if flags are specified, read must be included as all properties need to be able to be read.

> Using the read flag will cause cxx_qt to generate a getter function with an automatic name based off the property. e.g. `#[qproperty(i32, num, read)]` will have a getter function generated called get_num in Rust, and getNum in C++.

Reviewer 2: use CXX-Qt when referring to the project in the book :-)

Reviewer 2: done
